nodejs/README.md, before:

# JavaScript GTFS-realtime Language Bindings

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/gtfs-realtime-bindings.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/gtfs-realtime-bindings)

Provides JavaScript classes generated from the
[GTFS-realtime](https://github.com/google/transit/tree/master/gtfs-realtime) Protocol
Buffer specification.  These classes will allow you to parse a binary Protocol
Buffer GTFS-realtime data feed into JavaScript objects.

These bindings are designed to be used in the [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/)
environment, but with some effort, they can probably be used in other
JavaScript environments as well.

We use the [ProtoBuf.js](https://github.com/dcodeIO/ProtoBuf.js) library for
JavaScript Protocol Buffer support.

## Add the Dependency

To use the `gtfs-realtime-bindings` classes in your own project, you need to
first install our [Node.js npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gtfs-realtime-bindings):

```
npm install gtfs-realtime-bindings
```

## Example Code

The following Node.js code snippet demonstrates downloading a GTFS-realtime
data feed from a particular URL, parsing it as a FeedMessage (the root type of
the GTFS-realtime schema), and iterating over the results.

```javascript
import GtfsRealtimeBindings from "gtfs-realtime-bindings";
import fetch from "node-fetch";

fetch("<GTFS-realtime source URL>", {
  headers: {
    "x-api-key": "<redacted>",
    // replace with your GTFS-realtime source's auth token
    // e.g. x-api-key is the header value used for NY's MTA GTFS APIs
  },
})
  .then((response) => response.arrayBuffer())
  .then((buffer) => {
    const feed = GtfsRealtimeBindings.transit_realtime.FeedMessage.decode(
      new Uint8Array(buffer)
    );
    feed.entity.forEach((entity) => {
      if (entity.tripUpdate) {
        console.log(entity.tripUpdate);
      }
    });
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.log("Error: " + err.message);
  });
```

For more details on the naming conventions for the JavaScript classes generated
from the
[gtfs-realtime.proto](https://github.com/google/transit/blob/master/gtfs-realtime/proto/gtfs-realtime.proto),
check out the [ProtoBuf.js project](https://github.com/dcodeIO/ProtoBuf.js/wiki)
which we use to handle our Protocol Buffer serialization.

Commit message:

note about ESM and CJS

nodejs/README.md, after:

# JavaScript GTFS-realtime Language Bindings

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/gtfs-realtime-bindings.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/gtfs-realtime-bindings)

Provides JavaScript classes generated from the
[GTFS-realtime](https://github.com/google/transit/tree/master/gtfs-realtime) Protocol
Buffer specification.  These classes will allow you to parse a binary Protocol
Buffer GTFS-realtime data feed into JavaScript objects.

These bindings are designed to be used in the [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/)
environment, but with some effort, they can probably be used in other
JavaScript environments as well.

We use the [ProtoBuf.js](https://github.com/dcodeIO/ProtoBuf.js) library for
JavaScript Protocol Buffer support.

## Add the Dependency

To use the `gtfs-realtime-bindings` classes in your own project, you need to
first install our [Node.js npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gtfs-realtime-bindings):

```
npm install gtfs-realtime-bindings
```

## Example Code

The following Node.js code snippet demonstrates downloading a GTFS-realtime
data feed from a particular URL, parsing it as a FeedMessage (the root type of
the GTFS-realtime schema), and iterating over the results.

In order to make this example work, you must first install `node-fetch` with NPM.

_Note: this exemple is using ES modules (`import`/`export` syntax) and is not compatible
with CommonJS (`require` syntax). You can use CommonJS by converting `import` to `require`
and installing `node-fetch@2`. Learn more about ES modules [here](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html)._

```javascript
import GtfsRealtimeBindings from "gtfs-realtime-bindings";
import fetch from "node-fetch";

fetch("<GTFS-realtime source URL>", {
  headers: {
    "x-api-key": "<redacted>",
    // replace with your GTFS-realtime source's auth token
    // e.g. x-api-key is the header value used for NY's MTA GTFS APIs
  },
})
  .then((response) => response.arrayBuffer())
  .then((buffer) => {
    const feed = GtfsRealtimeBindings.transit_realtime.FeedMessage.decode(
      new Uint8Array(buffer)
    );
    feed.entity.forEach((entity) => {
      if (entity.tripUpdate) {
        console.log(entity.tripUpdate);
      }
    });
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.log("Error: " + err.message);
  });
```

For more details on the naming conventions for the JavaScript classes generated
from the
[gtfs-realtime.proto](https://github.com/google/transit/blob/master/gtfs-realtime/proto/gtfs-realtime.proto),
check out the [ProtoBuf.js project](https://github.com/dcodeIO/ProtoBuf.js/wiki)
which we use to handle our Protocol Buffer serialization.
